README.md, before:

# project-whistlebot
a prototype reporting interface for discord moderation 
capstone project for [ada developers academy, cohort 14](https://adadevelopersacademy.org/)

## what is project whistlebot? 
project whistlebot is an experiment to explore a possible reporting system/web interface (whistlebot) that moderators and admins can use to ensure the safety and comfort of members of their community. as such, while whistlebot will be designed a built with the best possible experience in mind, it will also be built with the intent of trying things that might not work as well in practice, trying new things and seeing how they work, and learning from all that to help improve the way we can moderate our communities. 

## what if i decide to use whistlebot? 
whistlebot will be planned to anticipate the worst, but assume the best -- that means that while there will (hopefully) be safeguards from using whistlebot's data with malicious intent, at this point in time, project whistlebot cannot be held responsible for misuse of its critical features in moderating servers.

## can i contribute to whistlebot?
__AS OF JAN 21, 2021 --__ whistlebot is currently a capstone project for the classroom portion of cohort 14 of [ada developers academy](https://adadevelopersacademy.org/). starting around march, i will be open to reviewing pull requests and suggested modifications for the bot, but cannot guarantee the speediest response by then! thank you for understanding!

Commit message:

added wireframes and updated readme with link to trello

README.md, after:

# project-whistlebot
a prototype reporting interface for discord moderation 
capstone project for [ada developers academy, cohort 14](https://adadevelopersacademy.org/)

## what is project whistlebot? 
project whistlebot is an experiment to explore a possible reporting system/web interface (whistlebot) that moderators and admins can use to ensure the safety and comfort of members of their community. as such, while whistlebot will be designed a built with the best possible experience in mind, it will also be built with the intent of trying things that might not work as well in practice, trying new things and seeing how they work, and learning from all that to help improve the way we can moderate our communities. 

## what if i decide to use whistlebot? 
whistlebot will be planned to anticipate the worst, but assume the best -- that means that while there will (hopefully) be safeguards from using whistlebot's data with malicious intent, at this point in time, project whistlebot cannot be held responsible for misuse of its critical features in moderating servers.

## can i contribute to whistlebot?
__AS OF JAN 21, 2021 --__ whistlebot is currently a capstone project for the classroom portion of cohort 14 of [ada developers academy](https://adadevelopersacademy.org/). starting around march, i will be open to reviewing pull requests and suggested modifications for the bot, but cannot guarantee the speediest response until possibly summer 2021! thank you for understanding! 

## where can i check whistlebot's progress/intended features?
you can view the trello board **[HERE](https://trello.com/b/pRWqDbYP/project-whistlebot)**.

for very rough wireframes, please see the wireframes folder!
